hello guys I'm so happy to see it here
and I wanted to thank you for
subscribing to my channel for watching
my videos for leaving your comments and
for leaving your feedback and telling me
your stories how your best I feel and
how you got into your dream universities
I'm so excited about it
thank you so much today I wanted to talk
to you about a very very exciting
program it's very interesting for those
who are afraid of TOEFL and who really
want to study in the United States but
who think that they might fail
everything and fail their way to the
dream University because they just
haven't been stifled
this program is called pathway program
and it allows you to go to the
University of your dreams or like to a
good university without passing to I
felt and I'm going to tell you
everything about this program right now
so if you're interested please continue
watching and if you have any questions
or comments please feel free to leave
them under the video and I will also
leave a link to a forum where you could
also ask your questions and I would be
able to answer them okay who arranges
baths with programs but my programs are
arranged by private language schools who
do general English courses total
preparation courses and some of them
also provide pathway programs so these
programs are eight weeks minimum and
during this program you would learn how
to write academic essays how to improve
your English or it basically would be
improving your English for studying in a
foreign university and if you still
decide to take TOEFL after this program
you could take TOI full courses because
this program only cooperate with certain
universities and this wouldn't be
Harvard Stanford or Columbia because
these universities are not really
interested in making students way to
them easier like by allowing them not to
take TOI 'full but MIT just canceled
TOEFL for their MBA program and if you
haven't watched my video please watch it
because they just announced that they
don't need TOI 'full anymore they would
assess your language skills by just
looking at your GMAT
but now I'm talking about pathway
programs and there are certain
universities that's still required to
Eiffel for foreign students but if you
choose a pathway program instead you can
just you know invisibly transfer from
your language school to your University
so I will give some examples of some
universities and colleges that work with
this pathway programs but now we're
going to concentrate on what you're
going to do during this eight weeks so
eight weeks is the minimum if you have
upper intermediate level of English
eight weeks would be enough and you
would do eight weeks of intensive
academic studying academic English you
would also have a lot of meetings with
representatives from those universities
who partner with this programs and you
would have a lot of seminars on how to
apply to a university so you still would
need to do motivational letters
recommendation letters you would still
need to pass interviews and people at
the school where you're doing your
pathway program would prepare you for
that and I think this is really really
nice for those who haven't done any
application frosya
like for example I'm from Russia we
don't do anything connected with
motivational letters recommendation
letters we just sent our exam results to
the universities that we'll want to go
to so June this eight weeks you would be
able to take a guess for what the
admission process is really like so I
highly advise it to people who are
really afraid of you know no passing toi
FL not writing a good medical
motivational letter and you know failing
the whole process also it allows you to
choose the university that you want to
go to because you don't have to have the
idea where you're going exactly after
your pathway program no you can just go
to your bathroom program through those
eight weeks of studying and visit
different universities for example if
you go to a New York school you could
visit universities in New York that
partner with that program and you would
be able to explore campus talk to
students talk to teachers and realize if
this university is good for you or if
it's not if your level of English is
lower than upper intermediate then
would need to take a longer course
maximum duration of a bathroom program
is 16 weeks if you're below English is
pre intermediate or elementary then you
would need to start with a language
course just general English because in
order to be able to do academic writings
and prepare for university you have to
have the adequate level of English so if
you have like say intermediate or pre
intermediate level of English you would
need to do like eight weeks of general
English and then 16 or 8 weeks of
pathway programs really depends on what
your level of English is and if you want
to go to this program please feel free
to reach out to language trip which is
my company and we'll send you a special
test you will pass this test and after
this test we'll be able to tell you how
many weeks you would need to actually
enter pathway program and be able to go
to a university without passing total
okay I prepared something for you on the
whiteboard I'm going to talk to you and
actually show what your path to an
American dream would look like so the
first thing you do is pathway and as I
said if you're English level is too low
you would need to start with general
English but okay the length of the
program really depends on your level of
English right now but the minimum would
be 8 weeks so if your English is upper
intermediate you would do 8 weeks and
then you go directly to your University
1 to 4 years so it really depends on
your program if you join masters that's
just one year if you're doing bachelors
that's four years you could also do PhD
are using the pathway program not to
pass TOEFL but I think mostly people use
it for bachelors so then you spend one
to four years at a university or college
and then this is a magical thing called
opt when you finish master's degree or
bachelor's degree in the United States
depending on your course you get one to
three years of permission to work in the
United States and this is called
optional practical training so you would
actually apply what you've learned
during your program in a real
environment and after that really
depends on you like if you want to get a
work visa or you want to
so your own company or you want to go
back to your country and continue you
know studying or continue working in
your home country that's one important
thing you need to know about your age
you have to be 16 plus years in order to
start studying on a pathway program and
also you need to have your high school
certificate so well this is the minimum
requirement if you want to study abroad
or do a bachelor's abroad ah concerns
accommodation schools provide
accommodation and I really advise you to
take at least one month from school
because you will have the address before
you come to the United States you will
come to a place where other students
live and you would be able to interact
with them later you would be able to
change it for example you would want to
share a flat with your friend or you
would want to homestay really depends on
what you want to what you need and what
your financial abilities are but first
month really you'll be so shocked about
coming to the States learning about new
cultures speaking a foreign language so
I really tell you go for a student
accommodation provided by school first
some students also ask me if they're
allowed to work to pathway program
unfortunately f1 visa which is student
visa in the United States allows you to
work 20 hours per week on campus and
language schools don't normally have a
lot of places where you can work if we
talk about a university yes you would be
able to work in a cafeteria you would be
able to help you professors out but if
you're setting in a language school and
doing a pathway program I would really
advise you to concentrate on your
studies not really look for work so you
will have to have some finance - you
know finance your studies and finance
your living in the States and most
exciting part which universities you can
get to a octa-pie seeing pathway program
really the there are so many
universities you can go to and if you
want to study filming you can have a
university for yourself if you want to
study computer science economics there
is an option and I'm going to talk about
most popular and my favorite options so
the first thing is acting if you want to
do acting
filming photography anything connected
with you know all right and anything
connected with filming is taught in New
York Film Academy I've been there up
into there LA campus it's just across
Warner Brothers and they have so many
exciting things going on they have
Steven Spielberg giving them lectures
they have amazing cameras that students
can use and actually film amazing films
and I have a couple of students standing
there and they send me amazing pictures
we actually made our photo shoot if
you've seen the picture on my channel
like where with the car this is done by
one of the students of New York Film
Academy and he's super excited about
studying there and I think he's do his
master's now and I think he wants to do
a second masters as well because he
really like the program and so you would
be able to get there after pathway
program without passing any exam we just
need to have your portfolio
so maybe films if you've done yourself
for photoshoots
or maybe you're a blogger so have your
videos with you but you would need to
have your toy phone because you've done
a bathroom program and also New York
Film Academy has some merit base and
talent based scholarships so if your
portfolio is really strong they can give
you up to under ten thousand or five
thousand you can ask our managers and
they will help you and so they actually
help you lessen the burden of paying for
your education second school is for
economics if you want to do an MBA and
you don't want to pass too mad or you
want to do master's and not pass GRE
there is a university called deep fry
university they have a lot of campuses
they have a campus in Manhattan I think
in San Francisco as well so they are all
over America and you don't need to best
orful you don't need to pass GMAT you
don't need to pass cherry you go
straight into the MBA program and they
have scholarships up to $12,000 for
economics there is also Lincoln
University and some other universities
you will want to consider and third
option
is for those who want to do bachelors
but who think that bachelors in a
university is a very expensive program
there is a college called Santa Monica
College and I'm going to tell you a
little about the system in the United
States so before going to university you
can actually do two years in a college
and for example Santa Monica College
costs about ten thousand dollars a year
and the university would be like thirty
thousand dollars a year but if you do
two years in Santa Monica College you
can then transfer to University of your
dreams to the third year and just finish
two years in the University so you have
two years in college two years in the
university and then you would have a
diploma from the University of graduated
from and your diploma wouldn't say
anything about Santa Monica College and
this is how you offset the costs you
actually save during your first two
years of studies and Santa Monica
College is number one college in the
United States in terms of transfers so
they transfer to the best universities
after Santa Monica College so really
advise you to have a look at it and
again you wouldn't need TOEFL to get
into Santa Monica I think that was then
about the programs and the last thing I
wanted to talk to you about is how to
enroll on this programs so um you go to
linguae trip this is my company I'm very
happy that your guys already using it
and I'm very excited to see you there
because I see all the bookings and I see
all the questions so if you go liquid
trip there's I will see language school
and you can pick up the course they're
called pathways choose minimum eight
weeks and you we just need your name and
phone and email and then we're going to
send you the test so we would be sure
that you're picking the right amount of
weeks because if your language is to
allow as I said you would need to pick
more like 16 weeks or something
and booking on language rip is cheaper
than working directly with school and
you would be able to chat to me and my
colleagues as well which is super
exciting isn't it
also if you don't know what to do if you
think oh maybe I should have a program
or maybe oh I should prepare for TOEFL
and pastoral or you're unsure of which
of the universities you want to go - I
actually do private consultations
because as you know I have entered a
couple of American universities was with
full financial aid at bastoy Philander
scored 117 FS GMAT and it's covered 700
out of 800 and I'm happy to help you out
there would be a link below to book
consultation with me please feel free to
do it and we'll be able to chat to you
in the next few days thank you guys so
much for watching this video
so if you have any questions please feel
free to ask them in comments and I will
be answering questions on forum I would
leave a link below so looking forward to
getting your questions looking forward
to getting your feedback and looking
forward to chatting to you subscribe to
my channel and I'll see you soon bye bye